First draft of 1.24.1 documentation (#239)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: reference/release-notes/1.24.1.md

* Android security updates for December 2024 (see [Android Security Bulletin - December 2024](https://source.android.com/docs/security/bulletin/2024-12-01) for more information).
* The Android WebView has been updated to 131.0.6778.81.<!--AC-2985-->

## Removed functionality

* The following unsupported features cannot be enabled in AAOS 14 images:<!--AC-2849-->
  - `enable_virtual_keyboard`
  - `enable_system_ui`
  - `enable_anbox_ime`
  - Custom Android ID
  - Custom system apps
  - Boot package support

Although they were unsupported, they could be enabled in the 1.24.0 release and when enabled, could cause unexpected behaviour.

## Deprecations

There are no new deprecations announced for 1.24.1. For the list of features or components that were deprecated earlier and are planned to be removed in future releases, see [deprecation notices](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/reference/deprecation-notices/).

## Known issues

> * Rendering does not work for AMD and Intel GPUs.For deployments that use AMD GPUs, the instance does not start and for deployments using Intel GPUs, the graphical output is incorrect.<!--AC-2963-->

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
* Rendering does not work for AMD and Intel GPUs. For deployments that use AMD GPUs, the instance does not start and for deployments using Intel GPUs, the graphical output is incorrect.<!--AC-2963-->
```

## CVEs

> The Anbox Cloud 1.23.2 release includes fixes from the respective upstreams for the following CVEs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anbox Cloud 1.24.1 release includes fixes from the respective upstreams for the following CVEs:
```

## Deprecations

There are no new deprecations announced for 1.24.1. For the list of features or components that were deprecated earlier and are planned to be removed in future releases, see [deprecation notices](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/reference/deprecation-notices/).

## Known issues

* Rendering does not work for AMD and Intel GPUs. For deployments that use AMD GPUs, the instance does not start and for deployments using Intel GPUs, the graphical output is incorrect.<!--AC-2963-->

## CVEs

The Anbox Cloud 1.24.1 release includes fixes from the respective upstreams for the following CVEs:

| CVE | Affected Components |
|-----|---------------------|
| [CVE-2024-51744](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-51744)| Anbox Management Service (AMS) |
| [CVE-2024-21538](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-21538) | Anbox Cloud dashboard |
| [CVE-2024-38630](https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2024-38630) | Linux kernel Ubuntu 22.04 |
| [CVE-2024-26800](https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2024-26800) | Linux kernel Ubuntu 22.04 |

> | [CVE-2024-27397](https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2024-27397) | Linux kernel Ubuntu 22.04 |

Author: Should we list our AOSP and AAOS images as the affected components since they are Ubuntu images and that is how the CVE affects us?
Like in [1.23.1 release notes](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/reference/release-notes/1.23.1/#cves)?
